docs: v1 NodeClass doc updates (#6720)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/concepts/nodeclasses.md

  # Each term in the array of amiSelectorTerms is ORed together
  # Within a single term, all conditions are ANDed
  amiSelectorTerms:
    # Select on any AMI that has both the `karpenter.sh/discovery: ${CLUSTER_NAME}`
    # AND `environment: test` tags OR any AMI with the name `my-ami` OR an AMI with
    # ID `ami-123`
    - tags:
        karpenter.sh/discovery: "${CLUSTER_NAME}"
        environment: test
    - name: my-ami
    - id: ami-123
    # Select EKS optimized AL2023 AMIs with version `v20240703`. This term is mutually

>     # exclusive and can't be specified with other terms.

Author: It also can't be specified with other aliases, so I think it's correct as is.

## spec.kubelet

Karpenter provides the ability to specify a few additional Kubelet arguments.
These are all optional and provide support for additional customization and use cases.
Adjust these only if you know you need to do so.

> For more details on kubelet configuration arguments, [see the KubeletConfiguration API specification docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1/).

Reviewer: (nit)
```sugestion
For more details on kubelet settings, see the [KubeletConfiguration reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1/).
```

  clusterDNS: ["10.0.1.100"]
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
If you need to specify a field that isn't present in `spec.kubelet`, you can set it via custom [UserData]({{< ref "#specuserdata" >}}).

> For example, if you wanted to configure `maxPods` and `registryPullQPS` you would set the former through `spec.kubelet` and the latter through UserData.

Author: It is, the idea is this shows configuring supported fields through kublet (maxPods) and unsupported fields through userData (registryPullQPS).

> For example, if you wanted to configure `maxPods` and `registryPullQPS` you would set the former through `spec.kubelet` and the latter through UserData.

Reviewer 2: Oops, misunderstood the language, sounds good.

The following example achieves this with AL2023:

```yaml
apiVersion: karpenter.k8s.aws/v1
kind: EC2NodeClass
spec:
  amiSelectorTerms:
    - alias: al2023@latest
  kubelet:
    maxPods: 42
  userData: |
    apiVersion: node.eks.aws/v1alpha1
    kind: NodeConfig
    spec:
      kubelet:
        config:
          # Configured through UserData since unavailable in `spec.kubelet`
          registryPullQPS: 10
```

> Note that when using the `Custom` AMIFamily you will need to specify fields **both** in `spec.kublet` and `spec.userData`.

Reviewer 3: Does it matter the user is using Custom AMI Family?

Author: Yes, managed AMI families will have the fields automatically added by the generated UserData.

  clusterDNS: ["10.0.1.100"]
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
If you need to specify a field that isn't present in `spec.kubelet`, you can set it via custom [UserData]({{< ref "#specuserdata" >}}).
For example, if you wanted to configure `maxPods` and `registryPullQPS` you would set the former through `spec.kubelet` and the latter through UserData.
The following example achieves this with AL2023:

```yaml
apiVersion: karpenter.k8s.aws/v1
kind: EC2NodeClass
spec:
  amiSelectorTerms:
    - alias: al2023@latest
  kubelet:
    maxPods: 42
  userData: |
    apiVersion: node.eks.aws/v1alpha1
    kind: NodeConfig
    spec:
      kubelet:
        config:
          # Configured through UserData since unavailable in `spec.kubelet`
          registryPullQPS: 10
```

Note that when using the `Custom` AMIFamily you will need to specify fields **both** in `spec.kublet` and `spec.userData`.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

> The Bottlerocket AMIFamily currently does not currently support the following fields:

Reviewer 4: Can we make a note that these fields will be supported in the future, so do not set these fields if you do not want unexpected behavior when support for these fields are added with BR? I want to conserve the flexibility to add these post-v1 without it being breaking

Reviewer: Aside: [timeless](https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation) documentation is what we like to see, where feasible.

Author: Sounds good, I'll add a reference to the issue. I'll also remove the "currently" wording, though we will need to update this in the future regardless.

AMI Selector Terms are __required__ and are used to configure AMIs for Karpenter to use. AMIs are discovered through alias, id, owner, name, and [tags](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html).

This selection logic is modeled as terms, where each term contains multiple conditions that must all be satisfied for the selector to match.
Effectively, all requirements within a single term are ANDed together.

> It's possible that you may want to select on two different AMIs that have unrelated requirements.

Author: This is specified further down (in the note). I can go either way on moving it.

> It's possible that you may want to select on two different AMIs that have unrelated requirements.

Reviewer 2: Nope should be fine if it's included somewhere

AMI Selector Terms are __required__ and are used to configure AMIs for Karpenter to use. AMIs are discovered through alias, id, owner, name, and [tags](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html).

This selection logic is modeled as terms, where each term contains multiple conditions that must all be satisfied for the selector to match.
Effectively, all requirements within a single term are ANDed together.
It's possible that you may want to select on two different AMIs that have unrelated requirements.
In this case, you can specify multiple terms which will be ORed together to form your selection logic.
The example below shows how this selection logic is fulfilled.

```yaml
amiSelectorTerms:
  # Select on any AMI that has both the `karpenter.sh/discovery: ${CLUSTER_NAME}`
  # AND `environment: test` tags OR any AMI with the name `my-ami` OR an AMI with
  # ID `ami-123`
  - tags:
      karpenter.sh/discovery: "${CLUSTER_NAME}"
      environment: test
  - name: my-ami
  - id: ami-123

>   # Select EKS optimized AL2023 AMIs with version `v20240703`. This term is mutually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Select EKS optimized AL2023 AMIs with version `v20240807`. This term is mutually
```

The version string can be set to `latest`, or pinned to a specific AMI using the format of that AMI's GitHub release tags.
For example, AL2 and AL2023 use dates for their release, so they can be pinned as follows:
```
```yaml
alias: al2023@v20240703
```
Bottlerocket uses a semantic version for their releases. You can pin bottlerocket as follows:
```
```yaml
alias: bottlerocket@v1.20.4
```
The Windows family does not support pinning, so only `latest` is supported.

> An `alias` is mutually exclusive and may not be specified with any other terms.

Reviewer 4: Why did we drop the line about alias?

Author: It was relocated to the actual API description

### Custom

* No merging is performed, your UserData must perform all setup required of the node to allow it to join the cluster.
* Custom UserData must meet the following requirements to work correctly with Karpenter:
  * It must ensure the node is registered with the `karpenter.sh/unregistered:NoExecute` taint

>   * It must set kubelet config options to match those configured in `spec.kubelet`

Author: Pretty much, easier to just say do it for all of them though rather than enumerating which fields need to be in both vs just UserData. Just less error prone.

### Custom

* No merging is performed, your UserData must perform all setup required of the node to allow it to join the cluster.
* Custom UserData must meet the following requirements to work correctly with Karpenter:

>   * It must ensure the node is registered with the `karpenter.sh/unregistered:NoExecute` taint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * It must ensure the node is registered with the `karpenter.sh/unregistered:NoExecute`
    taint (kubelet configuration field `registerWithTaints`).
```

      - arm64
```

> Note that Karpenter can only discover architecture based requirements unless using an alias, in which case it can discover additional requirements (e.g. GPU / Accelerator support).

Reviewer 2: the language confused me a bit, one suggestion
```suggestion
Note that Karpenter can only discover architecture based requirements. The one exception is using alias, in which case it can discover additional requirements (e.g. GPU / Accelerator support).
```

      - arm64
```

> Note that Karpenter can only discover architecture based requirements. The one exception is using alias, in which case it can discover additional requirements (e.g. GPU / Accelerator support).

Reviewer 4: Did we need to say this twice? I see that we called this out above

Author: I'm good with dropping it, you're right that it's duplicated.
